support defining metrics_filters for prometheus module in annotations (#24264)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Enrich events of `state_service` metricset with kubernetes services' metadata. {pull}23730[23730]
- Add support for Darwin/arm M1. {pull}24019[24019]
- Check fields are documented in aws metricsets. {pull}23887[23887]

> - support defining metrics_filters for prometheus module in annotations. {pull}24264[24264]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for defining metrics_filters for prometheus module in hints. {pull}24264[24264]
```
